c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\msvcp120.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\msvcr120.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_calib3d2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_contrib2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_core2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_features2d2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_flann2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_gpu2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_highgui2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_imgproc2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_legacy2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ml2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_nonfree2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_objdetect2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ocl2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_photo2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_stitching2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_superres2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_video2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_videostab2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\msvcp120.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\msvcr120.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_calib3d2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_contrib2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_core2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_features2d2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg2410_64.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_flann2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_gpu2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_highgui2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_imgproc2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_legacy2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ml2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_nonfree2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_objdetect2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ocl2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_photo2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_stitching2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_superres2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_video2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_videostab2410.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.exe
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.pdb
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.CPlusPlus.xml
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\obj\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\obj\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.main.resources
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\obj\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\obj\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\obj\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.exe
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\obj\x64\Debug\Lambertian_photometric_stereo.pdb
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.dll
c:\users\yamamuro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\Lambertian_photometric_stereo\bin\x64\Debug\MathNet.Numerics.xml
